All about AD.
Notes from the book 

LAPS Passwords in Plain Text
LAPS passwords are stored in plain text, not as hash codes like
ordinary domain passwords. Anyone who has full access to an AD
computer account can get admin rights anyway; in this respect,
encrypted storage obviously wouldn’t provide any great security
gain.
(possible information on privleage esculation) 

\\ need more information on Utilman.exe and sethc.exe \\
for utilman.exe
Privilege Escalation: Utilman.exe has been a target for security exploits, particularly for privilege escalation. 
Because it runs with system-level privileges and can be invoked before logging in, attackers have exploited this by replacing Utilman.exe with another executable (like cmd.exe). 
This can grant the attacker a command prompt with system-level access without needing to log in.
AND 
sethc.exe
Privilege Escalation: Similar to Utilman.exe, sethc.exe has been exploited in the past for privilege escalation. 
Since it can be triggered at the login screen (before a user has logged in), attackers have used this to gain unauthorized access to the system.


Transferring notes from oscp linkedin

SNMP enumeration | LinkedIn Learning port 161
Stored info in a MIB
Nmap script --script=snmp-win32-users
May need to enumerate community strings(unsure on its importance)
Snmp-check to scnmp-walk programs for further enemeurating

For ftp lookup binary to ascii for ftp files.
Making sure on a ftp file we are in binary mode to download a text file.

SSH enumeration | LinkedIn Learning
Also port forward?
Secure shell wth | just a shell from a remote location | asymmetric key pair is used
Private and public key to reiterate
Can login via username:password combo or also 
 private key file with a or without a passphrase? 
If username:password we can try hydra for logins, typically don’t have to worry about lockouts
Local and dynamic port forwarding
Using a local port and forwarding it to an ip address in another subnet. 
Dynamic: need to used socks4proxy?
Hix example. Computer we are ssh into ip is 192.168.1.49 and when we run “arp -e”
We see a computer that has talked to 192.168.1.49 which is 10.123.123.2 which is on a widely different subnet.
We cannot ping the address because its on a different subnet. 
When nmap is on on the 10.123.123.2 http or port 80 is open. Meaning? We can dynamically or locally port forward form on machine to the other.
The command is 
Ssh -L 1234:10.123.123.2:80 root@192.168.1.49
Whats going on forwarding on port 1234 over port 80(looks like magic)
