Box has already been completed, but more extensive notes will be provided here. 
Will need to integrate with notes that were already created when the box was completed.

Some important questions to ask

What nmap scan was used to enumerate and further enumerate the server. (Any flags or key details found or missed?)

Remember to further lookup the use of escalation

Basic scan used "nmap -sC -sV -oN <ip> "
-sC These scripts are designed to detect common vulnerabilities
-sV service version
-oN specifies where the script should be saved to (txt file)

Remember we can specify t5 on the exam, need to reconsider if detection is involved. 

Just for note sake, port 22 and port 80 is open

Running nikto first and then gobuster in the background.

Interesting detail
nikto helps us not only find the robots .txt, but scower the page to find that *disallow has not been used

While we have the port scan and p[ort 8- opening. We can buy default run dirbuster or nikto on the web while searching through
Important to note, what can we blindly see on the site, int he html, in the code of the website that may give us hints. 

In this case, the html provides a generic username. Possibly ssh/ftp possibly a wordpress username

Gobsuter -u <website> gobuster/wordlist.txt -x php,html,css
-x is used to find specific file extension

Once the username and password is found for the site, unsure on what if the username or only the password was found or given.

If on a ftp server, as the same on in the portal.php. 
We should first look for the commands that we can and cannot use and who wer are 
Maybe just a ctf thing, we can see if there are any txt files or files we can cat. 


Grep here helps to return and bypass the command filter
Interesting to note that we should enumerate what python version and blind coding tricks to call back information on the server.
In this python may not be able to be used or installed, but Pyuthon3 may be usable or installed. 

in my case I used a reverse shell created in python to call back to a netcat listener provided on my machine. 

once the shell calls back, we need to upgrade or stabilize the shell. (For right now, not really necessary for me)
very akin to the importy pty as early discussed in other ctf's
